else - captures all of the conditions that are not true. If conditions. It indicates every other condition which
not satisfied by your if condition. You can check multiple conditions using if ese statements. We can use
multiple else if statements

nested if else statement: if conditions that had multiple if else conditions in it

The ternary conditions operator in C is used to make decisions in C
Ternary vs. if else conditions: faster perfomance. The actual benefit is that you can write your code in one line: see notes in codeblocks

Switch statements in C: expressions is something you want to validate on some case.

break: breaks the switch case and also breaks out of the statement

while loop: a loop is a piece of code which will execute again and again until some condition is true. While: evaluates our condition

do while loop vs. while loop: while loop whenever we use it, it checks the condition first and then executes your code. Do while loop:
executes your loop at least once and then checks your codition. And if the condition is true then it goes back to the statement and it 
will execute the statement and as soon as the statemnet is false, it goes out of the loop

for loop: depends on the initialization condition and the increment property. There are three arguments separated by semicolons. If condition
is true, the for loop will be executed (statement (s);)

init= initialization
condition= whether it is true or not
increment= of the paramenter initialized in the first parameter

In for loop: you dont have to initialize the condition (i.e. int /= a = 0)

Function: thisis a piece of code or blck of code which we can use to perform a particular task. Every C program has at least one function
like the man c

you declare a function using the void. We are not returning anything. You can decide whether to give a parameter to the function
to call a function, you copy the name of the function as it is

Calling the function into main: it replaces the code that you already wrote: see the functions project in code blocks

the name of the function should reflect the code we are writing.

Can use the function insdie of the code multiple times.

Function makes your code readable and faster to execute

You can declare the function below or above the main function: you will need to prototype your function (forward declaration of your function)


